docs: update bug report template (#2901)
webpack/webpack-cli: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Bug_report.md

<!-- If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem. -->

> **Please paste the results of `npx --no-install webpack info` here, and mention other relevant information**

Reviewer: Let's `npx webpack info`, we should not use `--no-install` for info

> **Please paste the results of `webpack-cli info` and `webpack-cli version` here, and mention other relevant information**

Reviewer: Is it `webpack-cli info` is not output versions?

Author: Actually, it does. Don't know why it didn't when I tested last time (maybe I wasn't in the correct repository while testing earlier)

Reviewer: yep, I think `webpack-cli info` is enough, ideally we should ask this output in all issue templates, better to use `npx --no-install webpack-cli info`

Author: I will update.

> **Please paste the results of `webpack-cli info` and `webpack-cli version` here, and mention other relevant information**

Author: ```suggestion
**Please paste the results of `npx --no-install webpack info` here, and mention other relevant information**
```
